{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # CULTIVE \'97 Strategic Reassessment\
\
**Date:** June 2026\
**Trigger:** 1 sign-up since launch. Analytics reviewed. Team expanded.\
**Decision needed:** What are we actually trying to achieve, and what does the data tell us before we act?\
\
---\
\
## The Honest Situation\
\
| Metric | Value | What It Says |\
|--------|-------|-------------|\
| Instagram reach | 6,166 | Content is working. People are seeing it. |\
| Profile visits | 352 (+8,700%) | People are curious enough to visit the profile. |\
| External link taps | 8 (0% change) | Almost nobody is clicking through to the website. |\
| **Sign-ups since launch** | **1** | **The product is not converting anyone.** |\
\
One sign-up. Not one hundred. Not ten. One.\
\
This isn't a traffic problem. This isn't a content problem. This is a conversion problem. And before we bring in Andy and William's connections, investments, and business-building capacity, we need to understand why 6,166 people saw CULTIVE and 1 person signed up.\
\
---\
\
## The Funnel \'97 Where It Breaks\
\
```\
6,166 accounts reached on Instagram\
        \uc0\u9474 \
        \uc0\u9660 \
352 visited the profile (5.7%)           \uc0\u8592  WORKING\
        \uc0\u9474 \
        \uc0\u9660 \
8 clicked the link (2.3%)                \uc0\u8592  BROKEN\
        \uc0\u9474 \
        \uc0\u9660 \
??? visited the website                  \uc0\u8592  UNKNOWN\
        \uc0\u9474 \
        \uc0\u9660 \
1 signed up                              \uc0\u8592  BROKEN\
```\
\
**Two breaks:**\
\
1. **Profile \uc0\u8594  Website (8 clicks out of 352 visitors).** The bio link isn't compelling. People visit the profile, look around, and leave without clicking.\
\
2. **Website \uc0\u8594  Sign-up (1 sign-up out of unknown visitors).** Even the 8 people who clicked through mostly didn't sign up. The website isn't converting.\
\
Both need to be fixed before any scaling strategy makes sense.\
\
---\
\
## Before Taking Action \'97 What We Need to Understand\
\
### Question 1: What does the website look like to a first-time visitor?\
\
Right now, a first-time visitor from Instagram lands on cultive.city and sees... what? Without knowing the exact first-screen experience, the possible failure points are:\
\
| Possible Problem | Symptom |\
|-----------------|---------|\
| No clear value proposition above the fold | Visitor doesn't understand what CULTIVE is in 3 seconds \uc0\u8594  bounces |\
| No sign-up CTA visible without scrolling | Visitor browses, enjoys it, but is never asked to sign up |\
| Blur wall is too aggressive | Visitor hits the wall, feels blocked, leaves |\
| Blur wall is too passive | Visitor browses 10 free events, gets what they need, leaves |\
| Sign-up process is too heavy | Visitor wants to sign up but the friction (email + password + verification) kills it |\
| No reason to sign up | Visitor doesn't see what signing up gives them beyond "see more events" |\
| Site loads slowly on mobile | Visitor bounces before the page finishes loading |\
\
**Shane needs to answer:** What is the exact experience for a first-time mobile visitor? What do they see? What's the first CTA? How many clicks to sign up? What happens after they sign up?\
\
### Question 2: What is the actual sign-up value proposition?\
\
Eugene's review already identified this. The current copy is functional, not emotional. But more than copy \'97 what does a user GAIN by signing up?\
\
| What We Offer Now | What a User Actually Wants |\
|-------------------|---------------------------|\
| See all events | "I can already see 10 for free" |\
| Save favourites | "I can screenshot or send to myself on WhatsApp" |\
| Submit events | "Why would I do that?" |\
| Earn credits | "Credits for what? I don't understand the value" |\
\
**The sign-up value proposition needs to be obvious and immediate.** Not "free to join" \'97 that's a cost, not a benefit. The benefit has to be something they can't get without an account.\
\
### Question 3: Who is the target user, and are we reaching them?\
\
6,166 people reached. Who are they?\
\
| If they're... | Then... |\
|--------------|---------|\
| General HK Instagram browsers | Low intent. They saw a post, thought "cool," moved on. They're not looking for an events platform. |\
| Active event-goers | Higher intent. They attend events regularly. If the content spoke to them, they'd click through. |\
| Expats exploring HK | Medium intent. Looking for things to do but may not be ready to commit to a platform. |\
| People who already have event sources | Low intent. They get their info from TimeOut, WhatsApp groups, friends. CULTIVE doesn't solve a problem they feel. |\
\
**We don't know who they are.** And until we do, every strategy is a guess.\
\
### Question 4: Is the problem awareness or conversion?\
\
Two very different problems with very different solutions.\
\
| If the problem is AWARENESS | If the problem is CONVERSION |\
|----------------------------|----------------------------|\
| People don't know CULTIVE exists | People see CULTIVE but don't sign up |\
| Fix: more reach, more content, paid ads, PR, KOLs | Fix: better sign-up flow, stronger value prop, lower friction |\
| Andy and William's connections help here | Andy and William's connections don't help here |\
| Scale solves it | Product solves it |\
\
**The data says the problem is conversion, not awareness.** 6,166 people reached. 352 visited the profile. People are finding CULTIVE. They're just not signing up.\
\
---\
\
## What This Means for Andy and William\
\
Andy and William are powerful additions to the team. Their network, media experience, data expertise, insurance/business connections, and investment capacity are genuine assets. But deploying them now on traffic and awareness is like pouring water into a bucket with a hole.\
\
### What They Should NOT Do Yet\
\
| Action | Why Not |\
|--------|---------|\
| Push traffic to the site via their networks | If the site converts at 1 sign-up per 6,166 reach, sending more traffic just means more people who don't sign up. |\
| Invest in paid ads | Same problem. Paid traffic that doesn't convert is money burned. |\
| Pitch sponsors/partners | The pitch is "we have X users." With 1 sign-up, there's nothing to pitch. |\
| PR push | Press coverage drives traffic. Traffic that doesn't convert is wasted coverage. |\
\
### What They SHOULD Do Right Now\
\
**Before the conversion problem is fixed:**\
\
| Action | Why | Time |\
|--------|-----|------|\
| **Understand the product** | Spend 30 minutes on cultive.city as a first-time user. What's the experience? Would YOU sign up? Why or why not? Their business operator perspective is valuable here. | 1 hour |\
| **Give honest feedback** | They run multiple businesses. They know what converts. Have them review the site, the sign-up flow, the value proposition. Fresh eyes catch things the team is too close to see. | 1 hour |\
| **Test the sign-up flow themselves** | Walk through it on mobile. Time it. Count the steps. Note every point of friction. | 30 minutes |\
| **Ask their networks one question** | Not "sign up for CULTIVE" \'97 just "what do you use to find events in Hong Kong?" The answers reveal the competitive landscape and the actual pain point. | Ongoing conversations |\
\
**After the conversion problem is fixed (and only after):**\
\
| Action | Why | Impact |\
|--------|-----|--------|\
| **Open their network to CULTIVE** | Introduce the platform to their elite HK connections. These are likely the exact demographic \'97 high-income, culture-active, socially connected. | High-quality sign-ups |\
| **Traffic and awareness** | Use their media experience to drive targeted traffic. Not mass \'97 targeted. | Right users, not just more users |\
| **Business development** | Their business connections become venue partners, sponsors, and advertisers. | Revenue |\
| **Investment conversations** | If the product converts and retains, investment becomes a conversation about scaling, not surviving. | Growth capital |\
| **Media leverage** | Their media connections become press coverage, features, and cross-promotion. | Credibility + reach |\
\
---\
\
## The Sequence \'97 What Happens First\
\
### Step 1: Diagnose (This Week)\
\
| Action | Owner | Output |\
|--------|-------|--------|\
| Map the exact first-time visitor experience on mobile | Shane | Screenshot walkthrough with every screen, every CTA, every click |\
| Share the walkthrough with Andy and William | Shane | They review as business operators, not as team members |\
| Andy and William test sign-up flow themselves | Andy + William | Written feedback: what's confusing, what's missing, what would make THEM sign up |\
| Pull Google Analytics data: how many site visitors, bounce rate, pages per session, sign-up conversion rate | Shane | Actual numbers |\
| Identify the 1 sign-up: who are they? How did they find CULTIVE? | Shane | Single user profile |\
\
### Step 2: Fix the Conversion (Week 1-2)\
\
| Fix | Owner | Priority |\
|-----|-------|----------|\
| Rewrite bio link CTA | Eugene | Immediate |\
| Add link stickers to Stories | Eugene / Andy / William | Immediate |\
| Add sign-up CTA above the fold on homepage | Shane + Eugene | This week |\
| Rewrite hero messaging (Eugene's suggestions) | Eugene + Shane | This week |\
| Rewrite blur wall copy | Eugene + Shane | This week |\
| Simplify sign-up flow (fewer steps) | Shane | This week |\
| Test sign-up on mobile \'97 is it broken? | Shane | Today |\
\
### Step 3: Validate Conversion Fix (Week 2-3)\
\
| Metric | Current | Target |\
|--------|---------|--------|\
| Profile \uc0\u8594  website clicks | 2.3% | 10%+ |\
| Website visitor \uc0\u8594  sign-up | Unknown (probably <1%) | 5%+ |\
| Sign-ups per week | 1 total | 20-30/week |\
\
**Only after hitting these targets does it make sense to scale traffic.**\
\
### Step 4: Deploy Andy and William's Network (Week 3-4)\
\
Once the site converts:\
\
| Action | Owner | Impact |\
|--------|-------|--------|\
| Andy introduces CULTIVE to 10 contacts in his network | Andy | High-quality sign-ups from people who trust Andy |\
| William does the same | William | Same |\
| Both share their unique invite links | Andy + William | Trackable. Credits earned. |\
| Both give feedback on what their contacts say | Andy + William | Real market signal from real potential users |\
\
### Step 5: Scale with Their Business Capabilities (Month 2+)\
\
| Capability | How to Deploy | When |\
|-----------|---------------|------|\
| **Media** | PR coverage, features, cross-promotion through their media connections | After conversion is proven |\
| **Data** | William reviews analytics and user data. Identifies patterns. Recommends targeting. | Ongoing |\
| **Insurance/business connections** | Potential sponsors, venue partners, corporate partnerships | After we have metrics to pitch |\
| **Investment** | If the product converts and retains, investment accelerates growth | After proof of concept |\
| **Traffic** | Targeted traffic campaigns using their media buying experience | After conversion is proven |\
| **Elite network** | Direct introductions to HK's high-income culture-active demographic | After the sign-up flow is seamless |\
\
---\
\
## The Revised Team Plan\
\
### What Each Person Does Right Now\
\
| Person | Focus (This Week) | Focus (Month 1) | Focus (Month 2+) |\
|--------|-------------------|-----------------|-------------------|\
| **Shane** | Fix sign-up flow. Pull analytics. Map first-time visitor experience. | Build conversion improvements. Track metrics. Gateway + credits. | WhatsApp agent. Credit system. Ticketing. |\
| **Eugene** | Rewrite messaging (hero, blur wall, CTA). Fix bio link. | Curator outreach. Content strategy aligned with conversion. | Brand expansion. Content systems. |\
| **Andy** | Test sign-up flow. Give honest feedback. Understand the product. | Begin network introductions (soft \'97 "have you seen this?"). Venue outreach using business connections. | Media partnerships. Traffic strategy. Business development. |\
| **William** | Test sign-up flow. Give honest feedback. Review analytics with Shane. | Data analysis \'97 who's signing up? What segments? Where from? | Investment readiness. Sponsor partnerships. Data-driven growth. |\
\
### What Success Looks Like\
\
| Timeframe | Metric | Target |\
|-----------|--------|--------|\
| End of Week 1 | Sign-up flow tested by full team. All conversion fixes identified and prioritised. | Diagnosis complete |\
| End of Week 2 | Hero, blur wall, bio link, sign-up flow all updated. | Conversion fixes live |\
| End of Month 1 | 100+ sign-ups. 500+ IG followers. Profile \uc0\u8594  website clicks at 10%+. | Conversion working |\
| End of Month 2 | 300+ sign-ups. First 5 venue partners. Andy/William network engaged. Curators active. | Growth starting |\
| End of Month 3 | 500+ sign-ups. Revenue conversations (venues, sponsors). WhatsApp agent in beta. | Business model emerging |\
\
---\
\
## The Hard Truth\
\
CULTIVE has a good product, a good database, a good team, and now powerful business connections through Andy and William. But none of that matters if the website doesn't convert visitors into users.\
\
**The current conversion rate is effectively 0%.**\
\
That's not a criticism \'97 it's a diagnosis. The platform launched recently. Conversion is a design and messaging problem, not a product problem. It's fixable. But it needs to be fixed before anything else.\
\
Andy and William's network is an accelerant. You pour accelerant on a fire, not on wet wood. Get the conversion working. Get the fire started. Then bring the accelerant.\
\
---\
\
## One Meeting Agenda for Next Week\
\
| Time | Topic | Who Talks |\
|------|-------|-----------|\
| 0-10 min | Review the data together (analytics, sign-ups, funnel) | Shane presents |\
| 10-20 min | Andy and William share their experience testing the sign-up flow | Andy + William |\
| 20-30 min | Agree on the 3 most important conversion fixes | Everyone |\
| 30-40 min | Assign fixes \'97 who does what, by when | Shane assigns |\
| 40-50 min | Discuss: what does Andy's network look like? Who are the first 10 people to introduce CULTIVE to? | Andy |\
| 50-55 min | Discuss: what data does William want to see? What would he track differently? | William |\
| 55-60 min | Confirm next week's targets | Shane |\
\
---\
\
That's where things stand. Fix the conversion. Prove the funnel works. Then deploy the team's full capacity.\
\
Want me to spec out the specific conversion fixes \'97 the hero redesign, the simplified sign-up flow, or the new blur wall?}